"We'll take the boy as compensation, no?"

As I lay on my hard mattress, my room dark, cold and empty, I could feel my stomach sink and my heart drop as I overheard the sickening conversation downstairs. 

My little 12-year old body was frozen in fear and horrible realization. But I held out a small bit of hope, hope in one person that, even if they had betrayed me since birth, would not go this far.

Please, dad. Please.

"M-My son? Uhh....yes...Yes! H-He is upstairs sleeping! My debt will be fully repaid if I hand him over, yes?"

I couldn't even feel my heart shatter. After all, you can only break glass down into so many small pieces. All I could do was cry, frozen in place as the tears streamed down my unwashed face. The stiff bed offered no comfort to me.

A deep laugh roared from downstairs. "JAJAJAJAJA! You're a terrible fucking father, you know that? AHAHAHAH!"

"B-But the debt will be wavered, yes?"

The man slammed his hand on what I assume to be the dining table. "Yes, stop FUCKING asking me, man, it's annoying!" he snapped his fingers. "Chavo, go get the boy. What room is he in?"

"T-the basement...he doesn't have a room,"

"You keep your kid in the fucking basement? You really *are* a shit father! JAJAJAJA!" the man snapped his fingers in rapid succession. "OI CHAVO! GO GET THE DAMN KID!"

*Thump. Thump. Thump.*

Footsteps. Loud, purposeful, and encroaching footsteps that got louder and louder. I should've moved from this bed minutes ago, but I was paralyzed. My body had betrayed me as well, betraying me so hard that I couldn't even twitch the muscles in my face, chaining me to this poor excuse of a bed. 

All I could do was stare at the dirty wooden ceiling as my breathing became sparse and raggedy. It was getting hard to breathe. Beads of sweat formed on my face and seeped into eyes that I couldn't close. 

My vision began to become hazy, my hearing now useless as sounds of different origins mixed together into a giant puddle of audio. My heart beat wildly in my chest as the inevitable footsteps become unbearably louder and closer. 

"*Ezra... Ezra~*"

An all-encompassing voice filled the room, it's voice slithery. Throughout all of this, all I could do was stare at the door from the corner of my eye. The tears and wishes of an ending were long gone, my facade of control had slipped as well. One thing was clear.

No one was coming to save me.

And as if to confirm that, a knock came from the door. 

*Knock. Knock. Knock.*

It was slow but purposeful, and every knock upset my stomach further. 







